on the forested slopes lives another
Madagascar speciality
a chameleon chameleons weren't amongst
those pioneering castaways theirs is a
different story it's thought that they
evolved here in Madagascar itself
they're wonderfully adapted to a life in
the trees their toes are fused so their
feet grip like tongs and the arrangement
of their legs is unusual for reptile
they're beneath their body this allows
them to walk on branches thinner than
their body
a male panther chameleon one of the
biggest the second male is in his tree
he won't like that if the intruder
doesn't back down there will be trouble
they're evenly matched it's
neck-and-neck
the territory holder wins and the loser
takes the quickest way out
you